# Reflection by

This lab required me to write a file called `MusicGenerator`. Please review the
Laboratory Assignment Sheet and add the required details to this paragraph.
This lab required me to write a file called `MusicGenerator`. Please review the
Laboratory Assignment Sheet and add the required details to this paragraph.
This lab required me to write a file called `MusicGenerator`. Please review the
Laboratory Assignment Sheet and add the required details to this paragraph.
This lab required me to write a file called `MusicGenerator`. Please review the
Laboratory Assignment Sheet and add the required details to this paragraph.
This lab required me to write a file called `MusicGenerator`. Please review the
Laboratory Assignment Sheet and add the required details to this paragraph.
This lab required me to write a file called `MusicGenerator`. Please review the
Laboratory Assignment Sheet and add the required details to this paragraph.
This lab required me to write a file called `MusicGenerator`. Please review the
Laboratory Assignment Sheet and add the required details to this paragraph.

The second paragraph will discuss the music creation strategy. Delete this
paragraph so that the check will fail and the student will be reminded to add
it! The second paragraph will discuss the music creation strategy. Delete this
paragraph so that the check will fail and the student will be reminded to add
it! The second paragraph will discuss the music creation strategy. Delete this
paragraph so that the check will fail and the student will be reminded to add
it! The second paragraph will discuss the music creation strategy. Delete this
paragraph so that the check will fail and the student will be reminded to add
it! The second paragraph will discuss the music creation strategy. Delete this
paragraph so that the check will fail and the student will be reminded to add
it! The second paragraph will discuss the music creation strategy. Delete this
paragraph so that the check will fail and the student will be reminded to add
it!

The final paragraph will discuss team working strategy. Delete this
paragraph so that the check will fail and the student will be reminded to add
it! The final paragraph will discuss team working strategy. Delete this
paragraph so that the check will fail and the student will be reminded to add
it!The final paragraph will discuss team working strategy. Delete this
paragraph so that the check will fail and the student will be reminded to add
it!The final paragraph will discuss team working strategy. Delete this
paragraph so that the check will fail and the student will be reminded to add
it!The final paragraph will discuss team working strategy. Delete this
paragraph so that the check will fail and the student will be reminded to add
it!The final paragraph will discuss team working strategy. Delete this
paragraph so that the check will fail and the student will be reminded to add
it!The final paragraph will discuss team working strategy. Delete this
paragraph so that the check will fail and the student will be reminded to add
it!
